DONATIONS.md, before:


I spend all my time in the construction of Iris, therefore I have no income value.

If you,

- think that any information you obtained here is worth some money
- believe that Iris worths to remains a highly active project

Feel free to send **any** amount through paypal

[![](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=kataras2006%40hotmail%2ecom&lc=GR&item_name=Iris%20web%20framework&item_number=iriswebframeworkdonationid2016&currency_code=EUR&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donateCC_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted)

> Please check your e-mail after your donation

Benefits:

- Your github username, after your approval, is visible here.
- Access to the 'donors' [private chat room](https://kataras.rocket.chat/group/donors), real-time assistance by me.
- Each donate gives lifetime to the Iris web framework. The author works full-time on this project, no time for any part-time job.

**Thank you**!

### More about your donations


I'm  grateful for all the generous donations. Iris is fully funded by these donations.

#### Donations

- ASKED FOR ANONYMITY* donated 50 EUR at May 11

- [Juan Sebastián Suárez Valencia](https://github.com/Juanses) donated 20 EUR at September 11

- [Bob Lee](https://github.com/li3p) donated 20 EUR at September 16

- [Celso Luiz](https://github.com/celsosz) donated 50 EUR at September 29

- ANONYMOUS(Waiting For Approval)* donated 6 EUR at October 1

- [Ankur Srivastava](https://github.com/ansrivas) donated 20 EUR at October 2

- ANONYMOUS(BY OWN WILL)* donated 100 EUR at October 18

- ANONYMOUS(Waiting For Approval) donated 20 EUR at October 19

- [Damon Zhao](https://github.com/se77en) donated 20 EUR at October 21

- ANONYMOUS(BY OWN WILL)* donated 50 EUR at October 21

- [exponity - consulting & digital transformation](https://github.com/exponity) donated 30 EUR at November 4

- ANONYMOUS(BY OWN WILL)* donated 50 EUR at December 7

- ANONYMOUS(Waiting For Approval)* donated 20 EUR at December 9

- ANONYMOUS(Waiting For Approval)* donated 5 EUR at December 13

> * The name or/and github username link added after donator's approvement via e-mail.

#### Report, so far

- 13 EUR for the domain, [iris-go.com](https://iris-go.com)

**Available**: VAT(50) + VAT(20) + VAT(20) + VAT(50) + VAT(6) + VAT(20) + VAT(100) + VAT(20) + VAT(20) + VAT(50) + VAT(30) + VAT(50) + VAT(20) + VAT(5) - 13 = 47,45 + 18,97 + 18,61 + 47,05 + 5,34 + 18,97 + 98,04 + 18,97 + 18,61 + 47,95 + 28,24 + 47,05 + 18,97 + 4,59 - 13 =
424,92 EUR

**All donations so far and until the end of this month(01/01/2017), will go back to the people who need them most, they are not enough but I will try to raise the amount by myself too.**

Commit message:

Happy new year! Update to 6.0.0 | HTTP/2 full support. https://github.com/kataras/iris/issues/565
full commit from development branch.

Examples, book, middleware, plugins are updated to the latest iris
version. Read HISTORY.md for more.

The 'old' v5 branch which relied on fasthttp exists for those who want
to use it navigate there: https://github.com/kataras/iris/tree/5.0.0

DONATIONS.md, after:


I spend all my time in the construction of Iris, therefore I have no income value.

Feel free to send **any** amount through paypal

[![](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=kataras2006%40hotmail%2ecom&lc=GR&item_name=Iris%20web%20framework&item_number=iriswebframeworkdonationid2016&currency_code=EUR&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donateCC_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted)

> Please check your e-mail after your donation

Benefits:

- Your github username, after your approval, is visible here.
- Access to the 'donors' [private chat room](https://kataras.rocket.chat/group/donors), real-time assistance by me.
- Each donate gives lifetime to the Iris web framework. The author works full-time on this project, no time for any part-time job.

**Thank you**!

### More about your donations


I'm  grateful for all the generous donations. Iris is fully funded by these donations.

#### Donations

- ANONYMOUS donated 50 EUR at May 11

- [Juan Sebastián Suárez Valencia](https://github.com/Juanses) donated 20 EUR at September 11

- [Bob Lee](https://github.com/li3p) donated 20 EUR at September 16

- [Celso Luiz](https://github.com/celsosz) donated 50 EUR at September 29

- ANONYMOUS donated 6 EUR at October 1

- [Ankur Srivastava](https://github.com/ansrivas) donated 20 EUR at October 2

- ANONYMOUS donated 100 EUR at October 18

- ANONYMOUS donated 20 EUR at October 19

- [Damon Zhao](https://github.com/se77en) donated 20 EUR at October 21

- ANONYMOUS donated 50 EUR at October 21

- [exponity - consulting & digital transformation](https://github.com/exponity) donated 30 EUR at November 4

- ANONYMOUS donated 50 EUR at December 7

- ANONYMOUS donated 20 EUR at December 9

- ANONYMOUS donated 5 EUR at December 13

> * The name or/and github username link added after donator's approvement via e-mail.

#### Report, so far

- 13 EUR for the domain, [iris-go.com](https://iris-go.com)
- **Thanks** to all of **You**, 424 EUR donated to [Holy Metropolis of Ioannina](http://www.imioanninon.gr/main/) for clothes, foods and medications for our fellow human beings.


**Available**: VAT(50) + VAT(20) + VAT(20) + VAT(50) + VAT(6) + VAT(20) + VAT(100) + VAT(20) + VAT(20) + VAT(50) + VAT(30) + VAT(50) + VAT(20) + VAT(5) - 13 = 47,45 + 18,97 + 18,61 + 47,05 + 5,34 + 18,97 + 98,04 + 18,97 + 18,61 + 47,95 + 28,24 + 47,05 + 18,97 + 4,59 - 13 - 424 =
424,92 EUR - 424 = **0,92**
