faq.md, before:

## How to upgrade

```sh
go get -u github.com/kataras/iris
```

## Active development mode

Many ideas to implement but no breaking changes.

https://github.com/kataras/iris/issues/722

## Can I found a job if I learn how to use Iris?

Yes, not only because you will learn Golang in the same time, but there are some positions
open for Iris-specific developers the time we speak.

- https://glints.id/opportunities/jobs/5553

## Can Iris be used in production after Dubai purchase?

Yes, now more than ever.

https://github.com/kataras/iris/issues/711

## Do we have a community Chat?

Yes, https://kataras.rocket.chat/channel/iris.

https://github.com/kataras/iris/issues/646

## How this open-source project still active and shine?

By normal people like you, who help us by donating small or larger amounts of money.

Help this project to continue deliver awesome and unique features with the higher code quality as possible by donating any amount.

[![](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=kataras2006%40hotmail%2ecom&lc=GR&item_name=Iris%20web%20framework&item_number=iriswebframeworkdonationid2016&currency_code=EUR&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donateCC_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted)

Commit message:

add learning section at faq, although is easy to be found

faq.md, after:

# FAQ

## How to upgrade

```sh
go get -u github.com/kataras/iris
```

## Learning

More than 50 practical examples, tutorials and articles at:

- https://github.com/kataras/iris/tree/master/_examples
- https://github.com/iris-contrib/examples
- https://iris-go.com/v8/recipe
- https://docs.iris-go.com (in-progress)
- https://godoc.org/github.com/kataras/iris

> [Stay tuned](https://github.com/kataras/iris/stargazers), community prepares even more tutorials.

Want to help and join to the greatest community? Describe your skills and push your own sections at: https://github.com/kataras/build-a-better-web-together/issues/new

## Active development mode

Iris may have reached version 8, but we're not stopping there. We have many feature ideas on our board that we're anxious to add and other innovative web development solutions that we're planning to build into Iris.

## Can I found a job if I learn how to use Iris?

Yes, not only because you will learn Golang in the same time, but there are some positions
open for Iris-specific developers the time we speak.

- https://glints.id/opportunities/jobs/5553

## Can Iris be used in production after Dubai purchase?

Yes, now more than ever.

https://github.com/kataras/iris/issues/711

## Do we have a community Chat?

Yes, https://kataras.rocket.chat/channel/iris.

https://github.com/kataras/iris/issues/646

## How this open-source project still active and shine?

By normal people like you, who help us by donating small or larger amounts of money.

Help this project to continue deliver awesome and unique features with the higher code quality as possible by donating any amount.

[![](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=kataras2006%40hotmail%2ecom&lc=GR&item_name=Iris%20web%20framework&item_number=iriswebframeworkdonationid2016&currency_code=EUR&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donateCC_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted)
